[Gabby gasps]
♪ Meow. meow. meow. meow. meow ♪
♪ Hey. Gabby ♪
♪ Take us to the Dollhouse ♪
♪ Little by little
Let's live in the meow ♪
♪ Meow. meow. meow. meow. meow. meow ♪
♪ Meow. meow. meow. meow. meow ♪
-♪ Hey. Gabby ♪
-♪ Meow. meow. meow. meow. meow ♪
-♪ What's the big surprise? ♪
-♪ Meow. meow ♪
♪ Let's shrink right down and go inside ♪
♪ Hey. Gabby ♪
♪ Meow ♪
Oh. hey.
I've got two
very important questions for you.
Do you like music?
Do you like Hamster Kitties?
Then you are going to love this.
Ta-da!
I made a concert stage
for the Hamster Kitty band.
Check it out.
This little one plays the Melodicat.
[Melodicat plays]
This little one is rockin' it out
on the piano.
[mimics piano playing]
And this cutie plays the electric guitar.
[mimics electric guitar shredding]
And of course. I had to save the best seat
in the house for their biggest fan.
Floyd! [chuckles]
-♪ Meow. meow. meow. meow. meow! ♪
-Ooh!
It's time for
the Dollhouse Delivery. Come on.
♪ Meow. meow. meow ♪
[Melodicat playing]
♪ Meow ♪
Hey. Pandy. Paw bump?
[mimics explosion]
Okay. Meow Meow Mailbox.
what do you have for us today?
[gasps] Ooh!
Check it out.
Our Kitty Cat Surprise Box
is covered in instruments.
Look.
It's got a little jingly bell nose.
these cool tambourine headphones...
-[jingling]
-...and a kazoo.
-[kazoo honks]
-[laughs]
Hmm.
A Hamster Kitty concert
and a Surprise Box covered in instruments.
I feel a music theme coming on.
Should we open it up
and see what's inside?
[kazoo fanfare playing]
Let's do it.
Ooh. [gasps]
It looks like some kind of ticket.
[gasps] Oh! That you're supposed to wear
around your neck.
Like this.
There. Oh! And look.
There's a picture of DJ Catnip on it.
Hmm.
Wait a second.
I know what these are.
These are DJ Catnip's party passes.
They're our tickets
to his big music festival
in the Dollhouse today.
There's one for me.
one for Pandy.
and one for you.
Do you want to come into the Dollhouse
and play music with all the Gabby Cats?
-Cat-tastic! Whoa!
-[funky music playing]
Check out DJ's dance moves.
I think this means
the music festival is about to start.
Let's get in there.
It's time to get tiny.
♪ A pinch on my left
Pinch. pinch on my right ♪
♪ Grab Pandy's hand and hold on tight! ♪
I'm over here.
in the music room. Come on in.
Welcome to the Dollhouse.
The music room looks a-meow-zing.
right. Pandy?
Pandy?
Do you see Pandy?
[electric guitar playing]
-Musical hug attack!
-[distorted riff playing]
[laughter]
Oh. yeah!
[distorted solo playing]
That was one rocking hug attack. Pandy.
Thanks.
[trumpet playing cheery fanfare]
Hey. hey. kitty cats.
Who's ready
for DJ Catnip's Music Festival?
We are! We are!
All right! Do you have your party passes?
Got 'em right here.
Then we're ready to boogie!
Now. we've got a lot of
great music shows today.
so to help us get where we need to go.
I've got a funky little surprise for you.
Ooh! I love surprises.
[beeping]
[musical horn blaring]
Meet the Party Bus!
Whoa!
This is the most boogie-riffic thing
I've ever seen.
Check out all the neon.
and this cool. striped. light-up tail.
Ooh. I love his sunglasses
and his red hoodie.
Wait a minute.
Does this bus remind you
of anyone we know?
DJ Catnip!
-♪ Buh-duh-buh-ba-da! ♪
-[musical horn blaring]
Whoa!
This bus looks just like you.
Ha-ha! Yeah! Pretty groovy. right?
The Party Bus is going to help us
boogie around the Dollhouse
to see all the different
music festival shows.
[record scratching]
Whoo! And it looks like
our first one is about to start.
Check your party passes!
-[gasps] It's dancing Baby Box!
-[funky music playing]
Oh! Is our first concert
in the craft room?
You know it!
Now. let's hop on board.
and let's get this thing movin'
and groovin'.
Now. the Party Bus runs on singing power.
so I'm gonna need your help for takeoff.
You'll sing with me. right?
Great! Then let's do it.
♪ We're singin'. we're movin' ♪
♪ We're groovin'. come on ♪
♪ We're singin'
We're movin'. we're groovin' ♪
It's working!
[Party Bus whirring]
Here we go!
[funky music playing]
♪ Yeah. that's right ♪
-♪ We're groovin' on the Party Bus ♪
-♪ Party Bus ♪
-♪ On the Party Bus ♪
♪ Whoo! ♪
[musical horn blaring]
-Whoo!
-Yeah!
Yeah!
[in unison] Thanks. Party Bus.
Aww! Look at this curtain.
It's got the whole Box Family Band on it.
-[band tuning up]
-Ooh!
Sounds like they're about to start.
Come on. Let's grab a hay bale.
-[Box Brother] Okay. Places. everyone.
-[Baby Box] Oh. snippets!
Hang on.
Um. we've got
a little musical emergency back here.
What's wrong. Baby Box?
Well. I was so busy
getting everything ready for the show
that I forgot to make my tambourine!
Uh-oh! Well. maybe there's
a different instrument you could play?
The tambourine
brings the whole song together.
I can't play
if I don't have my tambourine.
[Gabby] Hmm.
You don't have a tambourine yet.
but we could help you make one.
Really?
Abso-cat-a-lutely.
Come on!
Okay. This drawing shows everything
we need to make a crafty tambourine.
First. we need two circles
for our tambourine base.
Do you see two circles we could use?
The paper plates.
Paper plate delivery!
Thanks. Pandy.
I'll just stack the plates
on top of each other. like this.
and punch holes around the edges.
I've got the hole puncher right here.
Next. we need some bells
for that tambourine ring.
I've got you.
[bells jingling]
Thanks. DJ.
Now we just need something to tie them on.
See anything long and thin
we can use to tie the bells on?
The pipe cleaners!
These will work great.
[bells jingling]
Wahoo!
And for the finishing touch.
we need to decorate it.
Got to have a little sparkle
for my tambourine.
Ta-da! Thanks so much for helping me.
-You saved my whole show.
-[jingling]
-[banjo strumming]
-Oh!
Time to get shakin'. See you out there!
Good luck. Baby Box.
Um... Hi. everybody.
Welcome to our Box Family Band... Show.
I give to you...
[drumroll]
...the Box Family Band.
-A one. and a two. and a one. two. three!
-[tambourine jingling]
[band playing]
[spoons smacking]
-[harmonica playing]
-[shaker rattling]
[banjo strumming]
[tambourine jingling]
♪ Who can make all kinds of crafts ♪
♪ Use some glue and have some laughs ♪
♪ Play music with a rubber band? ♪
♪ Whoa. the Box Family can ♪
♪Whoa-oh. the Box Family can ♪
Go. tambourine!
♪ Who can make a paper plate? ♪
♪ Jingle-jangle. just you wait ♪
♪ We think you'll be our biggest fan ♪
♪ 'Cause the Box Family can ♪
♪ Whoa-oh. the Box Family can ♪
Wahoo!
Tambourine solo.
-Take it away. Baby Box.
-[tambourine jingling]
[Box Brother] Come on. everybody!
Let's do this!
[cheering. whooping]
-Oh. yeah!
-Wahoo!
♪ The Box Family can ♪
♪ Whoa-oh ♪
♪ Wahoo! ♪
[whooping]
[DJ Catnip] All right!
[laughter]
That was awesome!
Yeah! That was a-meow-zing!
[giggles] Thanks. Gabby.
Hey. hey! Guess what?
-[record scratching]
-It's time for our next show.
Now. check your party passes.
party people.
Whose show are we going to next?
["Sprinkle Party" melody playing]
[Gabby] Cakey's.
Hey. thanks for the show. Box Family.
You were totally paw-esome!
Box Family wiggly!
♪ Wiggly-wiggly-wig! ♪
-[laughter]
-[musical horn blaring]
Oh! Time for us to slide on back
to the Party Bus!
Bye. Box Family.
-Thanks.
-Bye.
-Whoa!
-Yeah!
All right. sing with me!
♪ We're singin'. we're movin' ♪
♪ We're groovin'. come on ♪
-♪ We're groovin' ♪
-♪ Yeah. that's right ♪
-♪ We're groovin' on the Party Bus ♪
-♪ Party Bus ♪
-♪ On the Party Bus ♪
♪ Whoo! ♪
[musical horn blaring]
[Gabby] Whoo!
-Cakey!
-Hey. everybody.
We're all ready for the concert.
Oh. goody! 'Cause I'm gonna
need your help with my music.
[chuckles] Cakey.
you know I'm all about making music.
We'd love to help you play.
I'm in!
But. Cakey. I don't see any instruments.
That's because. in Cakey's band.
we don't play instruments.
We play...
cookies!
Cookies?
Uh...
How do you play a cookie?
It's easy. Just take a bite.
I can definitely do that.
Hmm. I'm going to try the drum.
[munches]
[mimics drumbeat]
Hoo-hoo! Great rhythm. Pandy.
Yeah. you sounded just like a drum.
Let me give that bass cookie a go.
[munches]
[mimics double bass bassline]
Whoa!
Now you're chewin' it!
I'm on the trumpet.
[munches]
[mimics trumpet blowing]
And I'm on the electric guitar.
[munches]
[mimics guitar riffing]
Okay. everybody. hit it!
Or should I say. eat it!
[munching]
[mimics trumpet blowing]
Ooh! That melody is cookin'!
[munching]
[drumbeat and trumpet playing]
[munches]
[mimics double bass bassline]
[mimics electric guitar riffing]
[whole band playing]
[in unison] Yeah!
[munches]
[mimics drumbeat playing]
[laughter]
Now. that was definitely
something new and different.
Cakey's band.
we're always keepin' it fresh.
I just never knew
music could be so... yummy.
Mm-mm!
-[record scratching]
-Huh?
All right. kitty cats.
peep those party passes.
Who's up next?
[funky music playing]
-CatRat and the Crafty Hamster Kitties?
-[Gabby gasps]
They must be playing
at the stage I made in my bedroom.
[musical horn blaring]
To the Party Bus!
Thanks. Cakey.
Bye.
-Whoo!
-Wahoo!
Who's ready to get this thing flying?
-[in unison] We are!
-Then let's sing it!
[funky music playing]
♪ We're singin'. we're movin' ♪
♪ We're groovin'. come on ♪
♪ We're singin'
We're movin'. we're groovin' ♪
♪ Yeah. that's right ♪
-♪ We're groovin' on the Party Bus ♪
-♪ Party Bus ♪
-♪ On the Party Bus ♪
♪ Whoo! ♪
Hey. look! It's the Hamster Kitty Stage.
Hi. Floyd.
Hey! Up here!
Hi. CatRat.
Bring it in for a landing.
[musical horn blaring]
Phew! You made it.
And just in time too.
The show is about to start.
[Hamster Kitties squeaking excitedly]
Ooh! I can't wait
to hear those little cuties play.
Yeah.
Where should we sit. CatRat?
Oh. no. no. no.
-There's no sitting at this show.
-[in unison] Huh?
This is a music and dance show. starring...
me. the CatRat.
Ha-cha!
But I need my backup dancers
for this number. so...
it's showtime.
Places. everyone! Places!
I'll call out the steps for ya.
[Hamster Kitty squeaking countdown]
-[Melodicat playing]
-[guitar strumming]
[piano playing]
Have you heard the news?
There's a brand-new dance
sweeping kitty nation.
Check it out.
♪ It's called the CatRat Dance ♪
♪ Meow. meow. meow ♪
♪ It's full of funky moves
For all you CatRat fans ♪
♪ Follow me. clap three times ♪
♪ Now hop two times ♪
[grunting]
♪ Slide to the side ♪
♪ Ooh-whoo! ♪
♪ Now put it all together ♪
♪ Let's go! ♪
♪ Clap. clap. clap ♪
♪ Hop. hop ♪
[grunting]
♪ Now slide ♪
♪ Ooh. whoo! ♪
♪ Now that you're an expert
Let's do it one more time ♪
♪ Clap. clap. clap ♪
♪ Hop. hop ♪
[grunting]
♪ Now slide ♪
♪ Ooh. whoo! ♪
♪ This dance
Gets the party goin' every time ♪
♪ We're doing the CatRat Dance ♪
♪ Meow. meow. meow ♪
♪ It's full of spunky. funky moves ♪
♪ For all you CatRat fans. meow ♪
♪ It's a CatRat Dance ♪
-♪ Whoo! ♪
-♪ Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo! ♪
Wow. CatRat! That dance was paw-esome.
Yeah! I'm gonna be clappin'.
hoppin'. and slidin' all day.
-And how about those Hamster Kitties. huh?
-[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
You guys were a-meow-zing!
[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
-Oh-ho-ho!
-Ooh!
Hey. hey. Peep those party passes. people.
Who's on our passes now?
[funky music playing]
DJ?
That's right. kitty cats.
It's time for DJ's grand finale.
[musical horn blaring]
[Gabby giggles]
Wahoo!
[grunts] Scooch over. I'm coming too.
[laughter]
Hope you're ready to sing. CatRat.
You know it!
-Bye. Hamster Kitties.
-[Hamster Kitties squeaking]
Bye. Floyd.
Here we go!
[funky music playing]
♪ We're singin'. we're movin' ♪
♪ We're groovin'. come on ♪
♪ We're singin'
We're movin'. we're groovin' ♪
♪ Yeah. that's right ♪
-♪ We're groovin' on the Party Bus ♪
-♪ Party Bus ♪
-♪ On the Party Bus ♪
[DJ Catnip] Here we go!
[in unison] Whoo!
-[groovy music playing]
-Oh. yeah. kitty cats.
We're in the Boogie Zone now.
♪ Welcome to the Boogie Zone
I've been expecting you ♪
♪ Expecting you ♪
♪ I'm gonna help you
With a brand-new groove ♪
♪ You're in the right place
Take a look around ♪
♪ I'm gonna help you find your sound ♪
♪ This tuba. shaking the room-a
Gets the party going real quick ♪
♪ A kitty-ditty machine and a music tree
Full of my favorite tricks ♪
♪ I got a xylo-sofa. I gotta show ya
What happens when I give it a push ♪
♪ Here's the catch. kitty cat ♪
♪ You play it with your tush ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Gonna help you find your ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh ♪
♪ I'm gonna remind you ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ When the music in you is unstoppable ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Anything is possible ♪
♪ Gonna help you find the groove ♪
♪ In everything that you do ♪
♪ 'Cause when you find your groove ♪
♪ It brings out the music in you ♪
♪ The music in you ♪
♪ Hey. Gabby. have you heard the news? ♪
♪ We found the groove ♪
♪ And now. with the music in you
There's nothing we can't do ♪
♪ This paw bump. making the room thump
Makes them all jump and dance ♪
♪ With the music in you. light up a room
Got the power in your paws and hands ♪
♪ You can bang on a drum. clap. strum
Or whistle your very own tune ♪
♪ Just turn the music up loud ♪
-♪ It's the only thing to do ♪
-[distorted chord]
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Gonna help you find your ♪
-[tuba blowing]
-♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh ♪
♪ And I'm gonna remind you ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ When the music in you is unstoppable ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Anything is possible ♪
♪ Gonna help you find the groove ♪
♪ In everything that you do ♪
♪ 'Cause when you find your groove ♪
-[records scratching]
-♪ It brings out the music in you ♪
-Oh. yeah!
-Whoo!
Let's hear it for DJ Catnip!
[in unison] Wahoo!
Yeah! DJ Catnip!
DJ. you really made this
the grooviest day in Dollhouse history.
-Couldn't have done it without you.
-And the CatRat too. right. buddy?
Absolutely. CatRat.
Ha-cha.
Thanks for playing along
with all the cat-tastic music today.
Put your paw out
and give me a wiggly-wiggly-wig.
♪ A wiggly-wiggly-wig! ♪
[Gabby laughs]
Are you ready for one more surprise?
It's gonna be a goodie.
[gong crashes]
♪ Gabby Cat. Gabby Cat ♪
♪ Gabby Cat. Gabby Cat.
Gabby Cat. Gabby Cat ♪
♪ Gabby Cat of the Day! ♪
Ha-ha! It's me. DJ Catnip.
Okay. okay.
I've got something special for you today.
It's a DJ Catnip Purr Stick.
[Purr Stick rattling]
Purr!
I love that sound.
And I'm going to show you how to make one.
You ready?
All right!
The first thing you'll need
is a paper towel roll.
You can decorate yours any way you like.
I painted mine with some funky stripes.
just like mine.
♪ Wiggly-wiggly-wig! ♪
Ha-ha-ha!
Now we gotta close up one end
with this piece of felt and rubber band.
-Now. here comes the funky part.
-[funky music playing]
Whoa! This is some groovy foil! Ha-ha!
Now we're gonna put these
inside our painted roll.
You ready for
the secret musical ingredient?
Sprinkles!
These sprinkles
are gonna bring all the purrs. trust me.
That's what I'm talking about.
Now close up the other end.
And if you want to make it extra funky.
you can draw a kitty face on each end.
Aw. yeah!
Now we can purr together.
-Purr!
-[rattling]
[rattling]
Happy Purrsday. y'all!
These little cuties really put on
a great show. don't you think?
And we can't forget about the CatRat.
Ha-cha!
And Floyd was definitely
getting in on the groove.
-Weren't you. Floyd? Aww!
-[Floyd purring]
Come back next time. and we'll open up
another Dollhouse Surprise.
[as Hamster Kitty] Bye! [giggles]